Performance: Common Subexpression Eliminator Speedup (#16741)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
* General: Speed up SHA-256 hashing (`picosha2`).

> * General: Speed up compilation times.  

Reviewer: Sorry, should probably mention that this particular improvement is due to optimizations in the CSE and dataflow analysis. In any case, let's wait until @cameel takes a look, he'll probably suggest a final version of the changelog entry phrasing.

> * General: Speed up compilation times by 6.7% for optimized, 8.5% for via-ir optimized.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* General: Speed up compilation times for both evmasm and via-IR optimized codegen.  
```

I wouldn't really quote exact figures, as I doubt they'll be the same for every end user.

Author: Removed.
